This application will generate API-documentation about javascripts based on the comments within the javascript-code.
The output will resemble the documentation generated by JavaDocs for java-code.
The project was meant to be used in-house, and there are not any thorough tests on the input.
The output with all its links, are not tested either. Its only the information generated for each class, that has gotten attention.
If the class-output seems a bit weired, compare the input with the input-guide below. 
It is developed in Java SDK 1.8. The platform it is developed and tested upon is Ubuntu 20.04. It is packed in a jar-archive.
 
The application must be started from the command-line in this way:
makeJavascriptDocs.jar -p <project-name> -s <abs. path to script-folder> -d <abs. path to destination folder>

<table>
<tr>
<th colspan="2">
<hd2>Options</hd2>
</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<th>
Option
</th>
<th>
Explanation
</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
-p
</td>
<td>
The name of the project that contains the script-files 
I have a project in my IdeaProjects folder called TestProject. Then the project-name will be TestProject
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
-s
</td>
<td>
The absolute path to the folder that contains the javascripts to be documented.
This is the value I use: /home/anne/IdeaProjects/TestProject/src/main/webapp/Scripts
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
-d
</td>
<td>
The absolute path to the destination folder, where the generated html-files will be put.
This is the value I use: /home/anne/IdeaProjects/TestProject/target/site/jsdoc
</td>
</tr>
</table>

<table>
<tr>
<th colspan="3">
<hd2>Contents in comments within the javascript-code</hd2>
</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<th>
Statement
</th>
<th>
Fields
</th>
<th>
Comment
</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
<h5>/**</h5>
</td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
Start of comment
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
<h5>*\t</h5>
</td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
The start of new lines that are part of descriptions
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
<h5>*/</h5>
</td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
End of comment
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
<h5>\t</h5>
</td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
Tabulator must be used as a delimiter between the input-information
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
<h5>Special characters in descriptions</h5>
</td>
<td>
&#60;

&#62;
</td>
<td>
The listed characters are automatically replaced with the html-encoding
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
<h5>@class</h5>
</td>
<td>
name
description
</td>
<td>
This must be put on top of the class-statement, within a comment.
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
<h5>@constructor</h5>
</td>
<td>
</td>
<td>
This must be put on top of the constructor-statement, within a comment.
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
<h5>@method</h5>
</td>
<td>
name
description
</td>
<td>
This must be put on top of the method-statement, within a comment.
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
<h5>@param</h5>
</td>
<td>
name
data-type
description
</td>
<td>
This must be used below a @constructor or @method-statement to describe the input-parameters.
</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
<h5>@returns</h5>
</td>
<td>
data-type
</td>
<td>
This must be used below a @constructor, @method or @param-statement to describe the return-value.
</td>
</tr>
</table>